new: Add Lab 2.15 release notes (#866)
memgraph/documentation: pages/release-notes.mdx

</Callout>

## Lab v2.15.0 - July 3, 2024

{<h3> New features and improvements </h3>}

- Share a query with other users with access to the same
  Lab and Memgraph. Works only on Lab in Docker and with
  enterprise license.
- You can configure quick-connect to connect to Memgraph
  with an encrypted connection with the new environment
  variable `QUICK_CONNECT_MG_IS_ENCRYPTED`.

> - Size of the Lab Docker image has been decreased by 5x.

Reviewer: Maybe replace with :

The size of the Lab Docker image has been reduced to one fifth of its original size.

Author: Yep, makes sense. I will change it.

> - Size of the Lab Docker image has been decreased by 5x.

Author: ```suggestion
- The size of the Lab Docker image has been reduced to
  one-fifth of its original size.
```
